hello everyone it's elena and i'm back
with another video and this is also
probably going to be the last time
you're going to see this dorm room in
maybe even further i don't really know
um
the reason for that is that germany has
moved into lockdown number two
and brevaria the federal state where my
university is located
has banned all in-person teaching so i
really have no reason to still come here
because my one-in-person class is now on
zoom
so i'm basically going to live at home
study from there
and i'm just here now to pack up some
final things make sure i don't leave
anything behind the fridge that will
develop a life of its own
and that's kind of it so i thought i'm
gonna film a dorm tour so that you guys
can see at least once what this dorm
room looks like that i decorated and put
a lot of effort into and i think it
actually turned out quite nice
so yeah i at least wanted to show you
guys
[Music]
before i'm actually going to show you
guys what the room looks like now i'm
going to show you guys a little clip of
what it looked like when i moved into it
so that you guys can see what the room
looks like there without decoration
and now let's take a look at the room
now the first thing you see when you
walk in from the door are these coats
and then there's a pretty big mirror
and some fairy lights and when you walk
past my bookshelf you then get to my
desk
which is honestly a pretty big desk and
it has a massive pin board which is
great
and i also put up some fairy lights on
top and the room has big windows which
gives it a lot of light which i'm very
very grateful for
and here's my bed and just some pictures
that i put up on the wall
and then there's a little hidden shelf
right here and the rest of this
is actually my wardrobe and i do also
have my own bathroom which i'm very
grateful for
so this is what it looks like and
honestly it is perfect for a single
person living here
so i'm very very grateful for that and
what i love most about it is that it has
two mirrors
like that's just so luxurious when
you're getting ready you know like you
have two mirrors like i don't have that
at home
so i'm very grateful for that and i do
just store all of my beauty products
here so that's just like whatever i use
to get ready
and then here we have this massive bag
of perfume samples because
all of my friends tend to give me their
perfume samples whenever they get them
and so i've just collected all of these
and i've decided i'm not buying any new
perfume until i've used them up
and i started this project at the start
of the year and this is what i'm still
left with so
yeah i think i'm never buying new
perfume again but hey
and then here's just you know some more
products you do mostly hair treatments
and yeah some body lotion just stuff you
need in the bathroom
and yeah that's what my bathroom looks
like it does have a little heater which
is great
and yeah honestly perfect bathroom for
single person
so yeah now let's move on to the rest of
the room now start in this corner
next to the door so here i just keep my
coats and i usually keep a scarf that
belongs to the coat
under the coat so that i always have
these together and then i just have my
gloves here because it is very very cold
in germany
and if you're wondering what this is
it's basically a little trap for insects
because i had some issues with that in
the beginning of this room
but it has been resolved so that's great
now normally i plan to keep my shoes
here but
since i've basically already moved out i
literally just have these shoes here now
because these are the ones in which i
came
and then i just put my bag here but this
was meant to be like for shoes but
i guess that's not happening anytime
soon so
yeah now let's take a look at this now
this is my sort of jewelry corner
now i think this looks kind of
disorganized but
actually there's a system like not a
system that i could explain
but like i know where everything in here
is
um so yeah basically i just keep like my
statement necklaces
and a few accessories that i brought in
here so that i can just take them you
know
check out what i match my outfit put
them on and then leave
and then i also have this little thing
for my jewelry now this i mainly just
use
for the rings that i wear on a daily
basis
so i just take them off and then i just
put them on the top thing here
and whenever i leave the house i just
put these on quickly so that's why this
is here and then i also keep my keys
here so that i don't forget them
and yeah that's pretty much this corner
complete
and i just put up some fairy lights
because i think it made the corner a
little bit cuter
and also gave it a little bit more light
when you look into the mirror because
the main light of the room is here
so that's a little bit far away from
this corner so it was a little dark
and if you're wondering what this is
that's my face mask i always keep it
next to the door so that i remember to
actually bring it
now let's take a look up here so
basically in these upper shelves i just
try to organize all of my messy stuff
and you know just put any basic
necessities there so like my stapler
and stuff but also a big bowl for
cooking
and then i have these great organizer
boxes by the way if you guys are
interested in any of the things that i'm
mentioning i've tried to link everything
in the info box below for you guys
and in here i basically just keep all of
my stuff that i need but that would look
kind of messy it was just lying around
so here i keep my deodorant but also my
nail polish remover in a zip bag
so it doesn't spill just you know stuff
like that is kept in these boxes
so that it doesn't look that messy and
yeah that's basically
what these upper shelves here are for
and then down here we have my bookshelf
which is actually color organized which
i'm very very proud of because i've
never done this before
but i think it looks so so nice now i
had great plans you know to read these
books over the semester but
i won't be here so now i have to pick a
few books that i can bring back home
and then i can read these so that's kind
of sad but
this bookshelf looked very very nice
while it existed and yeah
enjoy the view guys and then here we
have this very
sad looking beauty corner now i normally
have more brushes and i do actually have
a bigger beauty bag
but i kept most of my stuff at home just
brought like the basic necessities
and that's why it looks like this a
little bit empty but basically the plan
was that i would keep all of my beauty
stuff here
and then i could just take it do my
makeup at my desk with
this mirror that i'm keeping down here
and that was sort of the plan
for the mornings but that's not
happening anytime soon
and then down here i just have a ton of
paper
because i am someone who still prints
quite a lot because
i like to have everything in folders so
that i can flip through it i find it
very very helpful
and then on top of it i just keep this
very very fancy looking cup
um which you know i thought would be
really really cool to like drink some
tea
from while i'm studying um and yeah who
knows maybe i will do that at one point
um if we have to come back for in-person
classes
but for now it's just gonna stay here
and you know
maybe at one point i will bring it back
home that's also an option
and then drink some tea from it there
and then down here we have my kettle
which i'm actually not allowed to use in
my room so i have to
take it to the kitchen but the kitchen
is like two doors away so
it's not really an issue and then we
have some pretty empty looking shelves
now these shelves were meant for you
know law books for my courses
but since all of these are at home
they're just kind of empty and i you
know just
put some of my paper stuff and you know
a tumblr and my study planner here
but these were not meant to look that
empty but because i'm not really here
that's
what they look like for now and by the
way i do also have two carpets
these are both from ikea and i think
they just look very very cute and they
are super super fluffy so when you step
onto them they're really really nice
um so yeah i just keep these on the
floor and then here we have my desk
now i love that it has this massive pin
board
even though i'm not like a person who
puts up stuff at a pin board really
but i just loved you know that i could
put this marble vinyl here
because i think it really gives the room
a nice vibe i did put up one thing here
which is an academic calendar
just so that i know the dates after
semester so i basically just printed
that one out
and put it here so that i can always
take a look and know
you know when i will have holidays and
stuff when i will have exams
and then i also found these fairy lights
again which i actually had in my dorm
room in cambridge as well
and i just put them up here because i
think they really really match the
marble vinyl very very nicely
and i think it's just nice when you have
these lights here especially when you're
studying
in the evening and then you turn on this
big lamp
and then these nice little fairy lights
i imagine that would be a nice vibe um
though
i haven't experienced it yet but i
thought that would be nice
and now here at the lamp i actually also
keep a massive amount of post ads
which i didn't really have space for
which is why i organized them here on
the lamp
but yeah then i also have some
dictionaries
one is actually for german because my
german is not that great even though it
is my mother tongue and then also a
chinese one
and then we also have this little thing
here which is basically for 15 minutes
so
if you want to do a quick study unit you
can use this and then i also have a real
clock here
and i just keep some paper clips and
stuff in here so if i
ever have some loose papers i can just
use these
and then i also have this wireless
charger which actually
fits my airpods perfectly i actually got
this as a gift while i was interning for
a member of parliament
and we were just talking to people from
this organization they gave this to us
so yay i can just charge my airpods here
and then of course my water bottle
because you need to stay hydrated while
you're studying my laptop because i need
that to study
and then my pens some post-its and then
of course also some scotch tape
and then we have this thing which you
know i imagined if i had any loose paper
so if it got mail
i will put it in here and it will be
organized
since i'm not really here i haven't
really gotten any loose papers laying
around so
i'm just using it like this for now and
then we also have this stand which i
thought i could use for books but also
for my ipad
but yeah i haven't done that really yet
but
i thought it would be cool so yeah this
is kind of a weird room tool where i
keep telling you guys i thought this
would be cool but like i haven't tried
it
i'm sorry but basically i haven't really
lived in this dorm room a lot but i just
wanted to show it to you guys
before i leave it behind for quite a
while um so
yeah that's one part of the room
complete so
that's what that looks like and then
right here we
just have my laundry bin basically you
can just open it up like this
and just throw your stuff inside and
then we also have my printer here
um and then here we have my bed
and all of these pillows are from ikea
basically
almost everything in here is from ikea
but i'm gonna try to link it in the info
box below
um so basically i just put a ton of
pillows here because
i love loads of pillows like for me that
makes the bed very very cozy
and then i also have my fluffy little
blanket here
and then some pictures now yes i did
print out
the logo of my vlogs which some of you
may think is a bit weird
but honestly i'm very very proud of this
logo it took me a long time to design it
and that's why i put it up here and then
i also have a quotation which i like a
lot
which is actually from a history book
fun fact um
and then just a print that i found on
google
and never print from google and then
another two quotes
basically i just put up stuff that i
like and i just tried to
pick some frames that i thought would
look nice together and yeah that's what
i went with
and then next to that we have this
little shelf which is a bit hidden
when you first walk into the room you
don't really see it but basically
in here and here i just keep some of my
pjs
and then here i just have some little
towels that i use
for removing my makeup and then here i
keep some body lotion a sleeping mask
some of my pills because i have an
autoimmune disease and i should not
forget to take them
the book that i'm currently reading and
then also my phone
which usually just charges here and i
love that i can just you know leave my
phone here and let it charge
because you don't directly see the phone
when you're sitting at the desk because
that's kind of the view you have when
you turn around
so if your phone is blinking up because
someone's sending you messages
you're not getting distracted from it so
that's why i love to keep it in this
corner just let it charge there
and yeah that is what the bed corner
looks like
and the bed actually also has two pretty
big drawers
under here and i'm just quickly going to
show you guys how i use them now right
under the pillows we have this massive
drawer with lots and lots of food
now as you might be able to tell i'm a
cup noodles and just other
you know stuff that you can make really
really quick kind of girl
um but yeah here i basically just keep
my
cooking supplies if you want to call
making cup noodles cooking
and then in the second drawer right next
to it we have
all of my cleaning supplies which might
look a bit weird to you
um but basically i usually have these
you know
one used gloves so that i don't damage
my nail polish on my skin
and then just you know all of my
cleaning supplies and yeah
i basically just keep it in here it's
not the most orderly thing in the world
and i know it and i'm sorry
um but that's what it looks like and
then next to the bed we have my wardrobe
now it looks kind of small i feel like
when you see it from the side but
actually it has a massive storage space
so you have this shelf in the back where
you can just you know put some of your
shirts sweaters
whatever you want to and then you have
here space
for putting things on hangers the only
thing that's a bit inconvenient about
this is that you can't
fully use the space for the hangers here
because you still need to reach this
shelf behind it
and then down here just keep some socks
and stuff and also some spare encounter
just just in case
and then i also have some bags and an
umbrella here
and yeah basically it looks so so empty
because i already mostly left so
this is basically just whatever i left
behind because i didn't have space
and also so that i have some spare
clothes here in case i come back and
then down here we just have a massive
storage space
so this is the backpack that i planned
to bring to classes
but since no in person classes are
happening it's just gonna stay here
and then we also have my suitcase here
which i'm gonna take with me when i'm
leaving now
and then just you know some more stuff
that i just store down here
and that's the wardrobe pretty much
complete as i said it actually does have
a lot of space even though
i feel like when you look at it from the
side it kind of looks like it would be
pretty small
but honestly i can't complain about the
size and you do have some extra storage
space up here
even though i don't really need it but
you could put some stuff there
and yeah that's what my room looks like
so we have this space here with the bed
and lots of pillows
the massive windows which give a lot of
light to the room and then we have this
big big pin board and the desk
and then we have this corner right here
now honestly this would have been a
great room to live in
and i am incredibly grateful that i got
to have this room
and maybe i will move back into it in my
second semester
i am keeping the room in the sense of
you know i'm going to keep my name on
the lease
and i'm still going to pay my rent for
it i'm also going to keep most of the
stuff here like i'm not going to move
out completely
because the university might return to
in-person classes
but that's all very very uncertain so
for now
i'm saying goodbye to this room but yeah
that's what it looks like
and that's it for my dorm tour i hope
you guys enjoyed this video and if
you're interested in any of the things
in my room i've tried to link everything
that i could still find on the internet
in the info box below
and yeah we'll see if i'll ever get to
live in this room but i think
at least it turned out quite nice after
i was done decorating
so that's something so yeah thank you so
much for watching this video have a nice
day
[Music]
bye
you